docs(fix): wording MTA-1561 (#202)
scaleway/docs-content: network/vpc/how-to/use-private-networks.mdx

3. Complete the following steps in the wizard: 

    - Enter a **Name** for your Private Network, or leave the randomly-generated name in place. Optionally, you can also add [tags](/network/vpc/concepts#tags) to help you organize your Private Networks. 
    - Choose an **Availability Zone**, which is the geographical region where your Private Network will be deployed. You can only add Instances from this  same Availability Zone to the Private Network. 

4. Click **Create a Private Network** to finish. Your Private Network is created. You are taken back to the **Private Networks** dashboard, where your new Private Network is now displayed in the list.

## How to attach and detach Instances to/from a Private Network

> Remember that Instances must be within the same Availability Zone as a Private Network in order to be attached to it. If you have not yet created an Instance, see how to do so [here](/compute/instances/how-to/create-an-instance/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Remember that Instances must be within the same Availability Zone as a Private Network in order to be attached to it. If you have not yet created an Instance, find out how to do so [here](/compute/instances/how-to/create-an-instance/).
```
